1.   Who Develope Python Programing lang?
ans- Python programming language was developed by Guido van Rossum in 1989

2. Which type of pogramming python does support?
Ans- Python supports multiple programming paradigms including procedural, object-oriented, functional.

3. is python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans- Yes, Python is case sensitive when it comes to identifiers (e.g. variables, functions, etc.). For example, the identifiers        "pwskills" and "pwSKills" would be considered different in Python.

4. What is correct Extention for Python Programming?
Ans- The correct file extension for a Python file is ".py".

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans- Python code is interpreted, not compiled. This means that the code is executed line by line at runtime, rather than being          transformed into machine code before execution.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Ans- name= input("please enter your Name: ")
     for i in name:
         print(i)
         
7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans- The character used to give single-line comments in Python is #.

8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans- sys.version - This returns a string that contains information about the version of Python you are using, including the            version number.

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called?
Ans- functions at runtime can be created using the "lambda" construct.

10. What does pip stand for python?
Ans- PIP stands for "Pip Installs Packages". It is a package management system for Python, used to install and manage software          packages written in Python.

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans- Here are a few built-in functions in Python:

   1.print() - used to display output to the console
   2.len() - returns the length of an object, such as a string or list
   3.int() - converts a value to an integer
   4.float() - converts a value to a float
   5.str() - converts a value to a string
   6.sum() - calculates the sum of elements in an iterable

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans- There is no specific maximum length for identifiers (variable names, function names, etc.) in Python.
     A general guideline is to keep identifier names under 80 characters in length.

13. What are the benefits of using Python?
Ans- Here are some of the key benefits of using Python:

A. Easy to Learn and Use: Python has a simple and straightforward syntax, making it easy for new programmers to learn and for experienced programmers to pick up quickly.

B. Versatile: Python is used for a wide range of tasks, from web development and scientific computing, to machine learning and data analysis.

C. Large Community: Python has a large and active community, providing a wealth of libraries, tools, and support to users.

D. Large Standard Library: Python comes with a large standard library, which provides tools and modules for a variety of tasks, such as connecting to the web, reading and writing files, and working with data.

E. Cross-Platform Support: Python can run on Windows, macOS, and Linux, making it a cross-platform language that can be used on any operating system.

F. High-Level Language: Python is a high-level language, which means that it abstracts away many of the low-level details of computer systems, making it easier to write complex programs without having to worry about the underlying details.

I. Dynamic Typing: Python uses dynamic typing, which means that variables can change their type at runtime, making it easy to write flexible and adaptive code.

J. Interoperability: Python can easily integrate with other languages and tools, making it a popular choice for integrating different systems and technologies.

14. How is memory managed in Python?
Ans- In Python, memory management is performed automatically by the Python interpreter.

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans- To install Python on Windows and set the path variables, follow these steps:

     --->  Download the Python installer from the official Python website (https://www.python.org/downloads/).

     --->  Run the installer and follow the on-screen instructions to install Python. Make sure to check the "Add Python to PATH"             option during the installation process to automatically set the path variables.

16. Is indentation required in python?
Ans- Yes, indentation is required in Python. Indentation is used to define blocks of code, such as loops and conditional                statements. In Python, a block of code is defined by the amount of indentation that it contains.
